Naive Bayes Classifier
Jun Sung Tak
Dec 1st 2020

RUN WITH: python n.py

log-sum-exp trick was used because each probabilities were small and this
would cause my program to underflow (reported 0 probability). 
As a result the values reported are not probabilities themselves but
representation of the product of many small probabilities. 

The classifier was classifying everything correctly except for observation 4
and 5. The cause of this was that the data set was very noisy and it happened
to be around the velocity of airplanes. Then looking at the data set it was
apparent that a birds' observation had more variation in its data set than the
airplanes'. This makes intuitive sense since the size of a bird is much
smaller compared to an airplane. Furthermore, an aircraft will change its
velocity at a smaller rate than a bird's because such a large machinery cannot
undergo such high changes of acceleration in a small time frame. 

This was accounted for by offsetting the result of the probability
calculation. 4/10 observations' standard deviations are over 4. Therefore when
calculating the probability of the observation belonging to the bird class,
the classifier will determine to add or subtract 1 to the calculation.

For bird:
	if standard deviation > 4 then add 1 (Since bird observations are more
		likely to have a higher standard deviation)
	if standard deviation < 4 then subtract 1 (Since it is not likely that
		bird observations have a low standard deviation)
For airplane: 
	if standard deviation > 4 then subtract 1 (Since airplane observations
		are less likely to have a higher standard deviation)
	if standard deviation < 4 then add 1 (Since it is more likely that
		airplane observations have a lower standard deviation)

By adding or subtracting 1 I was able to have a sort of tie breaker when the
classification was a little ambiguous. By accounting for the standard
deviation observation 4 and 5 are correctly classified. 
One concern was for a data set like observation 10. It is a bird but it has a
very low standard deviation. However this observation was correctly
classified. Thus, by adding the small standard deviation mechanism, it served
as a tie breaker for ambiguous cases yet not being overly influencial in
the classification. As a result observation 10 was still classifed as a bird. 
